
# Transcript of IM
(Posts without a name are from Katie Keim)

[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:02 PM] Travis Plunk: yeah  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:02 PM] Bruno Reboul: yes  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:02 PM] Bruce Payette: yes.  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:03 PM] https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/blob/master/NewResourceModuleSubmissions.md  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:04 PM] Daniel Scott-Raynsford: Yes. :)  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:12 PM] Iain Brighton: Sorry - I might have missed this last time, but what's the deal/requirements with the high-quality modules? Is the plan to address/update all existing modules?  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:13 PM] Our plan was to update xPSDSC and xWebAdmin first and see how that goes before moving on to the other modules  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:14 PM] Here are the current High Quality Resource Module guidelines https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/blob/master/HighQualityModuleGuidelines.md   
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:14 PM] Iain Brighton: OK - will do!  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:16 PM] Daniel Scott-Raynsford: Dealing with technical debt :)  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:22 PM] Iain Brighton: Is there any central list of resources that people could vote upon?  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:23 PM] https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/issues  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:24 PM] Gael Colas: Like a community backlog?  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:24 PM] Daniel Scott-Raynsford: :+1:  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:25 PM] Artem Iarmoliuk: maybe like trello board with voting? like for sql powershell module i think  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/issues/168   
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Gael Colas: Sure thanks  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Daniel Scott-Raynsford: Thanks!  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Stijn Callebaut: bye  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Iain Brighton: Thank you :)  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Developer: How often do we meet?  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Stijn Callebaut: thanks  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Bruno Reboul: thanks  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Around every release -- About 6 weeks apart  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Artem Iarmoliuk: thanks!  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:26 PM] Samuel De Wolf: ty, bye  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:27 PM] Developer: When is the next meeting?  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:27 PM] Haven't scheduled it yet  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:27 PM] Will be around the release after the one next week  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:27 PM] Developer: Is there a mailing list to stand in touch with the next meeting announcement?I'd like to start contributing, etc.  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:28 PM] There is no mailing list right now, but I post it on my twitter (@katiedsc) and it is also posted in the community agenda on GitHub https://github.com/PowerShell/DscResources/blob/master/CommunityAgenda.md  
[‎8/‎3/‎2016 1:29 PM] Developer: Great.  
